add(readme): Explain running scripts under "test" dir (#1009)
amp-labs/connectors: test/README.md

# Running instructions

You must provide the credentials and configurations of a provider by creating a JSON file (see below).
Then, execute the following command in the project root directory:

```
go run ./test/salesforce/read-write/
```
This will work assuming you have `salesforce-creds.json` under `connectors` root.

## File location

By default, JSON file is expected to be at the root of the project `connectors`.
The file should be named `"<PROVIDER_NAME | to_kebab_case>" + "-creds.json"`.
Alternatively, you can specify a different file path and name the file as you wish.
To apply this, set the environment variable `"<PROVIDER_NAME | to_upper_snake>" + "_CRED_FILE"` to the desired file location.

**Examples:**

| Provider       | File Name                  | Env holding file path     |
|----------------|----------------------------|---------------------------|
| dynamicsCRM    | dynamics-crm-creds.json    | DYNAMICS_CRM_CRED_FILE    |
| zendeskSupport | zendesk-support-creds.json | ZENDESK_SUPPORT_CRED_FILE |
| anthropic      | anthropic-creds.json       | ANTHROPIC_CRED_FILE       |

## File Content

> The file must have `provider` field. Other fields you can inferred by checking constructor in `test/<PROVIDER_NAME>/connector.go`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file must have a `provider` field. Other required fields can be inferred by checking the constructor in `test/<PROVIDER_NAME>/connector.go`.
```
